add Admin questions (#193)
FidelusAleksander/ghcertified: content/questions/admin/question-091.md

---
question: "How can you use 3rd party vaults to manage secrets for GitHub Actions?"
archetype: "questions"
title: "Question 091"
draft: false
---

> https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#storing-large-secrets

> 1. [x] Store secrets in the 3rd party vault and use a decryption step in your workflow to access them, with the decryption key stored as a secret on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [x] Store secrets in the 3rd party vault and use a decryption step in your workflow to access them, with the decryption key stored as a GitHub Actions secret.
```

1. [ ] Direct integration with 3rd party vaults is supported natively within GitHub Actions without needing any additional configuration.

> 1. [ ] 3rd party vaults can only be accessed by embedding their API keys directly within the workflow files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [ ] Third party vaults should be accessed by embedding their API keys within the workflow files and using the API or CLI of that vendor
```
